Please fill out the following and submit with your Final Project submission 
(added to help us know what to focus on when grading, what was intentionally incomplete, etc.):

1. What is your estimated grade for the Final Project (roughly of 100)? For partner projects,
   do you think the workload distribution was fair?
- I believe I will receive a 90-95 on the FP because I was careful in meeting all the requirements
  as well as watching the lecture recordings to work on implementing the API. I also made an effort
  to attend El's OH whenever I could, but with that being said, I was not perfect in terms of being
  proactive with my learning. Additionally, though I have double checked my project, there may be
  a few minor bugs still present in my code that I could have overlooked. In terms of working with
  my partner, I believe our back-end workload was split evenly.

2. What is your estimated grade for the course (letter grade)? You can support your
   estimate with examples of demonstrated engagement in the course material, strengths
   (and weaknesses) over the term, and growth throughout the material (some assignment
   grading feedback was delayed, but we would like to know what resources you used to
   iterate on the material, such as lectures, OH, Discord, etc.)
- I believe I will receive a low-to-mid A in this course for some of the same reasons described
  above. I did my best to catch up to the lecture material and attend El's OH to receive feedback
  on my work (which I worked to incorporate into my next project/hw), but I was not perfect in terms 
  of being proactive with my learning since I missed several lectures during the middle of the term
  and also found myself having to use rework tokens to catch up on a handful of assignments.

3. To what extent would you like feedback in your project (e.g. thorough, particular areas of the
   project, or just a grade)?
- I would like specific feedback regarding whether I could have improved my program design when
  linking the front-end to the back-end (e.g., did I utilize the back-end API correctly and make
  the correct API call for the relevant situation?).

4. Anything else you would like El to know when grading?
- My completed front-end (a bit of HTML but mainly CSS) is different from my initial front-end 
  submitted in the FP proposal. I wanted to give a heads up of this discrepancy in case this impacts
  the grading process.

5. Are you open to sharing your project/reflection for future terms? If so, would you
   like named credit or anonymous?
- I would be open to sharing my project/reflection for future terms, but would like to remain
  anonymous if possible.